FIRM PROFILE


ABOUT US
DMK LAW ADVOCATES LLP is a progressive full service law firm that offers a wide range of high
quality legal services to our clients. With a team of lawyers who are widely recognized in various areas
of practice with a wealth of experience accumulated over several years of private legal practice; we are
committed to providing simplified, practical and innovative legal services that are client-centric and
result oriented.

WHY CHOOSE US
Our affordable, cutting edge, tailored and personal touch legal services continue to position us as one
of the highly recommended and sought-after law firms in the Kenya today. We choose to look beyond
what the law provides to deliver unparalleled personalized legal solutions to our clients.

VISION
To be a premium law firm offering practical and innovative legal services to humanity globally.

MISSION
To offer practical, innovative and efficient legal services to our clients that focuses on high professional
standards.
CORE VALUES
Professionalism
Integrity
Innovation
Client-Centric


TAGLINE
Service Above-par
Corner House 8th Floor, Suite No. 807, Kimathi Street P.O. Box 27774 – 00100, Nairobi Kenya, Tel: 0202148300, Cell: 0720 637 107,
E-mail: info@dmklaws.co.ke, dmklaws@gmail.com ,Website: http://www.dmklaws.co.ke/


PRACTICE AREAS
We are trusted advisers to domestic and foreign clients by proactively addressing the legal issues and
transactions affecting them. We deliver the desired results by placing our lawyers in key practice groups
based on their experience and expertise to tackle the unique aspects of our clients’ legal issues.

CORPORATE & COMMERCIAL LAW
Our Corporate & Commercial practice group provides an all-inclusive range ofspecialized and complex
corporate & commercial transaction services to local and foreign individuals, as well as local and
foreign companies. In particular, we have extensive knowledge and expertise in:-
• Registrations of corporate and business entities
• Advising corporate and business entities on regulatory regimes and undertaking regulatory
compliance
• Advising on and obtaining government approvals, permits, licenses for corporate and business
entities
• Advising, negotiating and drafting of commercial contracts
• Advising and undertaking Company restructuring and reorganization
• Advising public private partnerships and corporate governance

CONVEYANCING & REAL ESTATE
Our team provide specialized full range of services of Conveyancing & Real estate to local and foreign
individuals, as well as local and foreign companies. In particular, we assist and advise clients on the
following:-
• Advising on acquisition and disposal of property
• Advising on and perfection of security instruments such as Charges, Debentures, Guarantees
and Indemnities, Deeds of Assignments, Third Party Securities
• Advising on compliance, regulatory regime and regulations that govern Conveyancing & Real
estate
• Advising on and obtaining of the relevant approvals from the government
• Preparation and registration of powers of attorney, Cautions and Caveats




EMPLOYMENT & LABOUR RELATIONS
Employment relationship in any country is the soul of income revenue. In this regard, our team actively
and regularly provides painstaking advice on complex employment matters, which include but not
limited:-
• Employee benefits
• Advising on and drafting employment policies and contracts
• Restructuring and transitioning of employees during mergers and acquisition transactions
• Representation in collective bargaining agreements and employment related litigation.
• Trade union recognition procedures
• Immigration-related matters on employment
PROBATE & ESTATE ADMINISTRATION
Our team offers strategic, well analyzed practical advice that is consistent to our clients’ objectives,
reality and the law. Equally, and in line with Article 159 of the Constitution of Kenya 2010, our team
LITIGATION & DISPUTE RESOLUTION
Our team offers strategic, well analyzed practical advice that is consistent to our clients’ objectives,
reality and the law. Equally, and in line with Article 159 of the Constitution of Kenya 2010, our team
is highly experienced in using alternative dispute resolution such as mediation and arbitration. We have
knowledge and expertise on a wide range of contentious and complex matters which include but not
limited to:-
• Corporate disputes that includes shareholders’ grievances
• Contractual claims
• Administrative and Constitutional disputes
• Tax disputes
• Property disputes
• Tort claims
• Intellectual property actions
• Insolvency actions
• Debt recovery actions
LEGAL AUDIT AND COMPLIANCE
A company’s existence and progressive growth highly depends on established and elaborate systems
and processes employed in its daily operation. The systems and processes should be planned and
executed in a manner that is compliant with the legal and regulatory framework. Our firm is experienced
in undertaking legal audit through systematic, objective and impartial examination of processes,
policies, documents, records, practices and acts of a company with a view to assessing compliance with
the entire legal and regulatory framework to which the company is subject to.
Corner House 8th Floor, Suite No. 807, Kimathi Street P.O. Box 27774 – 00100, Nairobi Kenya, Tel: 0202148300, Cell: 0720 637 107,
E-mail: info@dmklaws.co.ke, dmklaws@gmail.com ,Website: http://www.dmklaws.co.ke/

THE TEAM
Our team combines a network of experienced lawyers and Advocates of the High Court of Kenya who
possess broad and diverse skills, knowledge, relationships, and context in their relevant areas of
practice. Over the years, the team of lawyers have mastered the art persuasion in advocacy and
representing clients in complex and cutting-edge Civil litigation, Arbitration, Commercial Disputes and
Employment Disputes among others. The team has also specialists in Constitutional and Governance
matters which include but not limited to Constitutional petitions and Devolution.
Our support members include Legal Assistants, Administrators, Human Resources officers, Clerks, IT
experts, accountants and secretaries. Members of team have impeccable qualifications in their relevant
fields of practice.
Together let’s take “Service Above-par”



Corner House 8th Floor, Suite No. 807, Kimathi Street P.O. Box 27774 – 00100, Nairobi Kenya, Tel: 0202148300, Cell: 0720 637 107,
E-mail: info@dmklaws.co.ke, dmklaws@gmail.com ,Website: http://www.dmklaws.co.ke/